Update device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md (#7849)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md

| **Options** | Defines whether to display notification or not |**When Type Allow is selected**: <p>0: nothing<p>4: disable **AuditAllowed** and **AuditDenied** for this Entry. Even if **Allow** happens and the AuditAllowed is setting configured, the system will not send event. <p>8: capture file information and have a copy of the file as evidence for Write access. <p>16: capture file information for Write access. <p>**When Type Deny is selected**: <p>0: nothing<p>4: disable **AuditDenied** for this Entry. Even if **Block** happens and the AuditDenied is setting configured, the system will not show notification. <p>**When Type **AuditAllowed** is selected**: <p>0: nothing <p>1: nothing <p>2: send event<p>3: send event <p> **When Type **AuditDenied** is selected**: <p>0: nothing <p>1: show notification <p>2: send event<p>3: show notification and send event |

> |AccessMask|Defines the access. | **Disk level access**: <p>1: Read <p>2: Write <p>4: Execute <p>**File system level access**: <p>8: File system Read <p>16: File system Write <p>32: File system Execute <p><p>You can have multiple access by performing binay OR operation, for example, the AccessMask for Read and Write and Execute will be 7; the AccessMask for Read and Write will be 3.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|AccessMask|Defines the access. | **Disk level access**: <p>1: Read <p>2: Write <p>4: Execute <p>**File system level access**: <p>8: File system Read <p>16: File system Write <p>32: File system Execute <p><p>You can have multiple access by performing binary OR operation, for example, the AccessMask for Read and Write and Execute will be 7; the AccessMask for Read and Write will be 3.|
```

2. Combine all rules within `<PolicyRules>` `</PolicyRules>` into one xml file.

    If you want to restrict a specific user, then use SID property into the Entry. If there is no SID in the policy Entry, the Entry will be applied to everyone login instance for the machine.
    

>     If you want to monitor file information for Write access, please use right AccessMask with right Options (8 or 16), here is the example of [Capture file information](https://github.com/microsoft/mdatp-devicecontrol/blob/main/Removable%20Storage%20Access%20Control%20Samples/Group%20Policy/Audit%20File%20Information.xml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to monitor file information for Write access, use the right AccessMask with the right Option (8 or 16); here is the example of [Capture file information](https://github.com/microsoft/mdatp-devicecontrol/blob/main/Removable%20Storage%20Access%20Control%20Samples/Group%20Policy/Audit%20File%20Information.xml).
```

    :::image type="content" source="images/148609685-4c05f002-5cbe-4aab-9245-83e730c5449e.png" alt-text="Enabled or Disabled device control in PowerShell code":::

> 6. Set location for a copy of the file: if you want to have a copy of the file when Write access happens, you have to set the location where system can save the copy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Set location for a copy of the file: if you want to have a copy of the file when Write access happens, you have to set the location where the system can save the copy.
```

>     You have deploy this together with right AccessMask and Options - see step 2 above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You have to deploy this together with the right AccessMask and Option - see step 2 above.
```

      `./Vendor/MSFT/Defender/Configuration/DeviceControl/PolicyRules/%7bc544a991-5786-4402-949e-a032cb790d0e%7d/RuleData`

    - Data Type: String (XML file)
       

>     If you want to monitor file information for Write access, please use right AccessMask with right Options (8 or 16), here is the example of [Capture file information](https://github.com/microsoft/mdatp-devicecontrol/blob/main/Removable%20Storage%20Access%20Control%20Samples/Intune%20OMA-URI/Audit%20File%20Information.xml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to monitor file information for Write access, use the right AccessMask with the right Option (8 or 16); here is the example of [Capture file information](https://github.com/microsoft/mdatp-devicecontrol/blob/main/Removable%20Storage%20Access%20Control%20Samples/Intune%20OMA-URI/Audit%20File%20Information.xml).
```

    :::image type="content" source="images/148609770-3e555883-f26f-45ab-9181-3fb1ff7a38ac.png" alt-text="Removeable Storage Access Control in PowerShell code":::

> 5. Set location for a copy of the file: if you want to have a copy of the file when Write access happens, you have to set the location where system can save the copy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Set the location for a copy of the file: if you want to have a copy of the file when Write access happens, you have to set the location where the system can save the copy.
```

    
    - OMA-URI: `./Vendor/MSFT/Defender/Configuration/DataDuplicationRemoteLocation`

    - Data Type: String
    

>     You have deploy this together with right AccessMask and Options - see step 2 above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You have to deploy this together with the right AccessMask and the right Option - see step 2 above.
```
